

Red Dragon - instrukcja

    Search


 
Introduction
  
About Red Dragon...
  
Kingdom Registration
    
Registration Screen
  

Payments


  
RD Dictionary



Races
    
Humans
    
Gnomes
    
Elves
    
Hobbits
    

Dwarves
    
Genies
    
Goblins
    
Necromants
    
Br-Ougs
    
Giants

  
Game Rules
  
Administrating your Kingdom
    

Game Screen
    
Central
     
Main Screen
      
Details
      
News
      
Forum
      
Mail
      
Labyrinth
      
Chat
    

Buildings
      
Economy Buildings
      
Special Buildings
        
Special Buildings Overview
      
Land
      
Science
    
Professions
    
Army
    
War
      

Establish attack
      
Join an attack
      
Generals
      
Alliance
    
Magic
      
Spellbooks
    
Thieves
    
Politics
      
Politics
      

Wars
      
Election
      
Alliance
      
Buy
      
Sell
    
Emperor
      
Alliance
    
Statistics
    
Find
    

Options
      
Automatization
      
Settings
      
Tools
  
RD Politics
  
Warfare
  
Equations

 


Magical Power

Thievish Power

Your Kingdoms

LJP

Administrators


 

    
	
		
			


	


		
 	    Mysterious, fair and very swift. They are the oldest race in the Red Dragon universe. Elves love nature and calm. They dwell in forests and protect them. Although they are skillful warriors, they do not look for a fight, but if attacked, they can defend themselves heroically. An ordinary mortal cannot see the elves in the woods. If he does not interrupt them, they leave him alone and stay hidden. They live much longer than e.g. the human beings and therefore understand the natural laws and phenomena better than most races. They have a natural gift when it comes to using mana and many of them become mages.	


	
		
		


		
			 The newest rumors, spreading like wildfire in Red Dragon world, say that a great forest festivity is to be held soon to celebrate the 1000th anniversary. Although the elves live twice as long as humans, their scribes are not even half as precise in keeping the chronicles as the homo sapiens. All the legends and tales are bequeathed  verbally, and that is why even the oldest from the elvish elders do not remember what the anniversary they will soon celebrate commemorates. But whoever solves the mystery of the 1000 year legend will become the elvish king.


 

  Elves have a powerful army and fairly strong magic. Because there are not very numerous, they can specialize in only one of these professions. Moreover, due to low natural population growth in the beginning stages it is harder for them to develop. But after some time, when Water supply, Lair system and Sewerage are built, the population disadvantage decreases.
In an alliance, they can fight as mages, defenders or attackers.
	


	
		
		 



 	


	
		
		 	
		
		
 	Archer	
		
		
 	Forest Wraith	
		
		 	


	
		 	
		
		
 		
		
		
 		
		 	


	
		 	
		
		
 	44	
		
		
 	911	
		
		 	


	
		
		 



 	


	
		 	
		

 	+25% to Druids, they can stock up mana; mana is not lost and always increases by 1/3 of the current production	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	+15% to mages	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	+10% to armourers 	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	+10% to scientists	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	-35% to bricklayers, but do not need any stones to produce infra points	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	-35% to stonemasons	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	-5% to merchants	
		 	


	
		 	
		
		war machines: 5 attack	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	Spells are 10% less efficient than usuall (opposite to Genies, e.g. Destroy Supplies destroys 18% of supplies, not 20%)	
		 	


	
		 	
		

 	They can select 4 spellbooks at the start of the game	
		 	


		 	
		

 	+0,5 maximum population per acre	
		 	



		 	
		

 	Sewerage increase houses' capacity by +0,5 (+1,5 normally), Lair system increase houses' capacity by +0,5 (+1 normally)	
		 	



	



 

 
 
 
				
 



    	Ostatnia aktualizacja: 2007-02-08 13:34:00

					