

Red Dragon - instrukcja

    Search


 
Introduction
  
About Red Dragon...
  
Kingdom Registration
    
Registration Screen
  

Payments


  
RD Dictionary



Races
    
Humans
    
Gnomes
    
Elves
    
Hobbits
    

Dwarves
    
Genies
    
Goblins
    
Necromants
    
Br-Ougs
    
Giants

  
Game Rules
  
Administrating your Kingdom
    

Game Screen
    
Central
     
Main Screen
      
Details
      
News
      
Forum
      
Mail
      
Labyrinth
      
Chat
    

Buildings
      
Economy Buildings
      
Special Buildings
        
Special Buildings Overview
      
Land
      
Science
    
Professions
    
Army
    
War
      

Establish attack
      
Join an attack
      
Generals
      
Alliance
    
Magic
      
Spellbooks
    
Thieves
    
Politics
      
Politics
      

Wars
      
Election
      
Alliance
      
Buy
      
Sell
    
Emperor
      
Alliance
    
Statistics
    
Find
    

Options
      
Automatization
      
Settings
      
Tools
  
RD Politics
  
Warfare
  
Equations

 


Magical Power

Thievish Power

Your Kingdoms

LJP

Administrators


 

    
		
			
			  	


		
			
			
		
      In the labyrinth you can find all kinds of treasures. It allows you to gain new resources, experience for generals, Science points, etc. You can visit the labyrinth any time but only after the 5th turn you can carry out a treasure. From the Labyrinth you can take once:

1. resources,

2. gold,

3. expo points,

4. science points,

5. infra points,

6. citizens,

7. dragons.

 Moreover, you can use the Labyrinth to change a secondary ability of your General or to look for a General. If you do not take a treasure, you can look for a General twice or try to change his ability twice. If you have 'The Creator's Sanctuary' built you can do every action twice (take a treasure 2x or search for a general or change a secondary ability 4x). To enter the labyrinth you need a general. The higher the general's level is the greater the chance of finding a treasure and the larger treasure you find. It is a good idea to cast the spell 'Fortune', when entering the labyrinth to maximize your chances of finding a treasure. The General, specializing in searching for treasures is the Explorer. You can read more in the Generals chapter of this manual. Looking for gold will always end successfully. However, the amount of gold found is far smaller than the value of resources that could be found. You also cannot wound or kill a General while changing his secondary ability (the action will merely be unsuccessful). 'Fortune' and the General`s level (the higher, the better) also decreases the chance of wounding or killing a general in the Labyrinth.


 	


		
			 
			
 Sending a general

 


			 	


		
			 
			
 Choosing a tresaure



			 	


		
		
		
			
			
			

  	


		
			
			
		
      You can find 9 types of treasures in the Labyrinth. Each one has a different icon. While taking a treasure there is always a chance that a negative spell will be cast on your Govern. What is more, your general might be killed or wounded. You may also end up with nothing. Yet, the higher the general's level and the stronger the spell 'Fortune' is the less possible those events are. If none occur, you actually might find a treasure. Generals above the 20th level never die in the Labyrinth; they might be wounded, still. However, when taking Experience Points, Generals can die in depended from their level.
	


		
			
		


		
 
 Gold
 - The amount of gold found depends from your general's level, land size and the number of alchemists and merchants.

There is no possibility of wounding or losing a general while taking this treasure.



		
 
 Resources
 - you can find stones, manna, food or weapons. The amount of resources depends from your general's level, spell 'Fortune', land size and the number of produced resources (number of employed armourers, druids, stonemasons and farmers and their production).


		
 
 General
 - when taking this treasure a general will join your army. Only one general can join your army.


		
 
 Experience
 - the general that you send to the maze will gain experience when taking this treasure. When your general is on 0 level, he gains 1 experience point, when on other levels, the amount of Expo Points is circa 20% of the amount needed to advance to the next level. This amount is also modified by a randomly generated number form 0,8 to 1,2.


		
 
 Portal
 - opens a portal through which dragons can enter this realm. You can get up to 5 dragons per one 'visit'. General's level and spell 'Fortune' do not influence this number. However, the number of your Dragons does. The maximal number of Dragons that can be taken from the Labyrinth will drop from 5, starting from 150 Dragons in your Kingdom, to reach 1, if you have 240 Dragons or more.

	
 
 The Altar
 - gives you the possibility to change your general's secondary ability. A general entering the Altar loses 50% of his experience points (only when the transformation is successful) but gains a new secondary ability (it can't be stopped or reversed). You cannot loose or wound a General when taking this treasure. General`s level does not change, though.




		
 
 Infra points 
 - you gain infra points. The number of infra points found equals 1/6 of the amount of stones that would have been found in the labyrinth.



		
 Science Points  
 - you gain 5 times your land size of Science Points.



		
 People
 - a limited number of e0, e1, e2 and thieves (already trained) or the unemployed come to your Kingdom in a number ranging from land_size/6 to land_size/12. using this treasure you can exceed the 100% population limit.



 
 			


		
			 
			
info about the treasure found



			 	


		
			
			
		
      
 
 			


		
		


 	



    	Ostatnia aktualizacja: 2007-02-08 18:01:43

					