

Red Dragon - instrukcja

    Search


 
Introduction
  
About Red Dragon...
  
Kingdom Registration
    
Registration Screen
  

Payments


  
RD Dictionary



Races
    
Humans
    
Gnomes
    
Elves
    
Hobbits
    

Dwarves
    
Genies
    
Goblins
    
Necromants
    
Br-Ougs
    
Giants

  
Game Rules
  
Administrating your Kingdom
    

Game Screen
    
Central
     
Main Screen
      
Details
      
News
      
Forum
      
Mail
      
Labyrinth
      
Chat
    

Buildings
      
Economy Buildings
      
Special Buildings
        
Special Buildings Overview
      
Land
      
Science
    
Professions
    
Army
    
War
      

Establish attack
      
Join an attack
      
Generals
      
Alliance
    
Magic
      
Spellbooks
    
Thieves
    
Politics
      
Politics
      

Wars
      
Election
      
Alliance
      
Buy
      
Sell
    
Emperor
      
Alliance
    
Statistics
    
Find
    

Options
      
Automatization
      
Settings
      
Tools
  
RD Politics
  
Warfare
  
Equations

 


Magical Power

Thievish Power

Your Kingdoms

LJP

Administrators


 

    
	
		
		


	


	
		


 
   
    Humans differ a lot from each other - they can be cruel, ruthless, greedy but also helpful, caring, honorable and friendly. They desire to discover and posses everything, but sometimes because of to their light-hearted behavior they lose everything that would make their life easier. They are keen in art and even though they do not live too long, their chronicles and archives are the biggest and the most scrupulous in the world of Red Dragon.

Maybe because they are the ones who invented the writing, as we know it today.


       The ancient Library of The Followers in the Fiery Gorge - a great monastery built from huge stones - holds within thousands of tales and legends about the Red Dragon World. You can come to the library whenever you like, but bear in mind, that if you would like to study the history there, you must prove your true interest in it and pass the Followers Test. One who passes it, may walk through the Library's gates. Inside the Library you will also find prophets awaiting the End of the Age. Their task is to announce it to everyone.

	


	
		
		


 	      Humans are skillful armorers, generals and warriors. Many human generals, though outnumbered and badly equipped, won their battles with cunning and smartness, defeating the enemy even though he had been convinced about his future victory. Mages are rare and therefore very respected in human kingdoms. People hate necromants, envy the elves, despise  the dwarves, persecute hobbits, esteem genies and enslave goblins. An old legend says that one day a king will arise, unite all humanity and make the mankind the greatest race in the world .

	


	
		
		



	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 	Knight	
		
		


 	Paladin	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 		
		
		


 		
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 33	
		
		


 98	
		
		 	


	
		
		



	


	
		
		 	
		
 	+10% to thieves	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		
 	+10% to scientists	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		
 	Thief cost : 1500 gold pieces	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		
 	War machines : 5 attack	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		
 	+0,5 maximum population per acre	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		
 	They can select 3 spellbooks at the start of the game	
		
		 	



		
		 	
		
	
 	They can produce 33% more science points per turn	
		
		 	



		 	
		
	
 	PTA needed to destroy a Special Building is doubled. This means you need to send much more thieves in such actions on humans. 	
		
		 	




		 	
		
	
 	War machines do 40% more damage. So in order to have a maximum effect of 20% infrastructure and 5 Special Buildings destroyed you need to send 2.5*targets_land_size/1.4 machines 	
		
		 	



	
		
		

 	
		
		 	
		
		 	
		
		 	





 

 
 

 
 	
 


 

    	Ostatnia aktualizacja: 2007-02-08 12:21:09

					