

Red Dragon - instrukcja

    Search


 
Introduction
  
About Red Dragon...
  
Kingdom Registration
    
Registration Screen
  

Payments


  
RD Dictionary



Races
    
Humans
    
Gnomes
    
Elves
    
Hobbits
    

Dwarves
    
Genies
    
Goblins
    
Necromants
    
Br-Ougs
    
Giants

  
Game Rules
  
Administrating your Kingdom
    

Game Screen
    
Central
     
Main Screen
      
Details
      
News
      
Forum
      
Mail
      
Labyrinth
      
Chat
    

Buildings
      
Economy Buildings
      
Special Buildings
        
Special Buildings Overview
      
Land
      
Science
    
Professions
    
Army
    
War
      

Establish attack
      
Join an attack
      
Generals
      
Alliance
    
Magic
      
Spellbooks
    
Thieves
    
Politics
      
Politics
      

Wars
      
Election
      
Alliance
      
Buy
      
Sell
    
Emperor
      
Alliance
    
Statistics
    
Find
    

Options
      
Automatization
      
Settings
      
Tools
  
RD Politics
  
Warfare
  
Equations

 


Magical Power

Thievish Power

Your Kingdoms

LJP

Administrators


 

    
 

 
 
      Red Dragon is a team game. The more friends you gain the more power you have. You are not only stronger in an Alliance, but playing with others is far more enjoyable. Join an existing Alliance or create your own and lure new members to it. Most Alliances are formed by players that know each other from real life, but that's not a rule. Very often, you make new friends in the game. An Alliance can have up to 17 members. The more, the better. Every Alliance has an Emperor and several Commanders. Those players have to commit more to the game. They organize the Alliance, take care of the Alliance's policy, and coordinate the other players' actions. In good Alliances all players follow the strategy they have chosen. Consequently, all Governs have to coordinate their actions with other members.


      
      Alliances negotiate and debate with each other. The more active you are the easier it gets to find opponents for wars, find new allies, etc. If you are not preparing for war and no one is attacking you, sign as many mercantile pacts as possible. They increase your merchants working area, and therefore, increase your income. However, during warfare Governs have war pacts (magical, thievish, military, and very few mercantile, if any). For every war a new pacts configuration is used, depended from your strategy and the opponent.




 

 
 
      Alliances with other Alliances have do not effect the gameplay. However, by signing an alliance you give a clear message to others that you shall never deceitfully attack your ally. This does not cancel any wars between allies. What is more, you also declare help for your allies in case of any foul play against them. Official alliances in the Wars menu, shows others that you should not be ambushed or unfairly attacked because your allies are there to help and eliminate the aggressor. Yet, keep in mind that many Alliances have unofficial allies, not shown in this menu. If you are preparing to war, make sure you check the allies of your target, to avoid any 'unpleasant surprises'.





	
      In most Alliances the person responsible for their policy is the Emperor, and the persons responsible for wars are the Commanders. However, very important decision should be made by the whole Alliance (or at least the Emperor AND the Commanders). Only the Emperor and the Commanders have the possibility to declare wars and ambushes. An Alliance can declare up to 5 alliances. You can check your present political status in the Politics/Wars menu.



 	
  


 	



    	Ostatnia aktualizacja: 2006-09-28 18:08:40

					