

Red Dragon - instrukcja

    Search


 
Introduction
  
About Red Dragon...
  
Kingdom Registration
    
Registration Screen
  

Payments


  
RD Dictionary



Races
    
Humans
    
Gnomes
    
Elves
    
Hobbits
    

Dwarves
    
Genies
    
Goblins
    
Necromants
    
Br-Ougs
    
Giants

  
Game Rules
  
Administrating your Kingdom
    

Game Screen
    
Central
     
Main Screen
      
Details
      
News
      
Forum
      
Mail
      
Labyrinth
      
Chat
    

Buildings
      
Economy Buildings
      
Special Buildings
        
Special Buildings Overview
      
Land
      
Science
    
Professions
    
Army
    
War
      

Establish attack
      
Join an attack
      
Generals
      
Alliance
    
Magic
      
Spellbooks
    
Thieves
    
Politics
      
Politics
      

Wars
      
Election
      
Alliance
      
Buy
      
Sell
    
Emperor
      
Alliance
    
Statistics
    
Find
    

Options
      
Automatization
      
Settings
      
Tools
  
RD Politics
  
Warfare
  
Equations

 


Magical Power

Thievish Power

Your Kingdoms

LJP

Administrators


 

    
	
		
		  	


	
		
		
 
      The basic time unit in Red Dragon is called a day or a year. Every day/year starts with a recount of attacks lead the previous day. During the Recount you cannot play. The Recount starts at 5:00 a.m. according to the Polish time zone (GMT +1:00) and lasts for a couple of minutes.





		 	


      

      Every day is divided into turns. At the beginning of the game every Govern has 15 turns (goblins 17). Building special buildings - Western and Eastern Towers of Time - raises that amount to 17 (goblins 20) per day. The last turn is not for building but for fighting. It is automatically made at 5:00 a.m. of the Polish time zone (GMT +1).
	


	
	
		
		
 

      Between turns you send your population to work, train your army, build buildings, buy land, cast spells, and send your thieves, command your army... After all is done you click the 'Next turn' button (the spinning whell on the left-hand side panel). With every turn the population, Kingdom's funds, land, army changes. You do this each day until you use up all your turns (the player can, however, decide to save some turns for the next day). When all turns are used the 'Next turn' button disappears. You get new turns after the Recount. In the Capital you can check how many turns you have left. The description of the Capital is written below. You can play in the morning, evening or even at night. The time between turns is also irrelevant. This characteristic of Red Dragon is a great advantage because it allows playing RD without interfering with your daily plans.	


	


		 	


	
		
		
		

      After joining the game every player is under protectorate. It lasts for 10 days. During the protectorate you cannot attack, cast offensive spells and send thieves. You cannot also be attacked. You can cast only positive spells on yourself. The protectorate protects new players from becoming an easy target for more experienced players. In Red Dragon such an attack on newbies is called a 'hyena attack' which means that a Govern is attacking smaller ones that do not have the chance to protect themselves. A 'hyena' is a player without honour that wants only to have as much acres as possible. Every player despises of such behaviour.


     If you know that you won't be able to play for some time (i.e. because your going for vacation) freeze your Govern. You will learn how to do it in 'Politics' (section of this manual). While being frozen no one can attack your Kingdom and the server does not delete it because it wasn't played for a long time.
	




 


 
			
 



    	Ostatnia aktualizacja: 2007-02-07 16:41:31

					