

Red Dragon - instrukcja

    Search


 
Introduction
  
About Red Dragon...
  
Kingdom Registration
    
Registration Screen
  

Payments


  
RD Dictionary



Races
    
Humans
    
Gnomes
    
Elves
    
Hobbits
    

Dwarves
    
Genies
    
Goblins
    
Necromants
    
Br-Ougs
    
Giants

  
Game Rules
  
Administrating your Kingdom
    

Game Screen
    
Central
     
Main Screen
      
Details
      
News
      
Forum
      
Mail
      
Labyrinth
      
Chat
    

Buildings
      
Economy Buildings
      
Special Buildings
        
Special Buildings Overview
      
Land
      
Science
    
Professions
    
Army
    
War
      

Establish attack
      
Join an attack
      
Generals
      
Alliance
    
Magic
      
Spellbooks
    
Thieves
    
Politics
      
Politics
      

Wars
      
Election
      
Alliance
      
Buy
      
Sell
    
Emperor
      
Alliance
    
Statistics
    
Find
    

Options
      
Automatization
      
Settings
      
Tools
  
RD Politics
  
Warfare
  
Equations

 


Magical Power

Thievish Power

Your Kingdoms

LJP

Administrators


 


 
 
 
      Dear player! Red Dragon, as every internet society, has its own, specific language. To be able to communicate properly with other player, you must know some basic words, not used by other communities, yet very popular among RD players.



RD - Red Dragon - the world, you are currently in ;)



Admin - Administrator - There are many administrators in the game, usually responsible for the game's code, the game's rules, etc. They make sure every player follows the Game`s Rules and they make decisions in situations that players themselves cannot resolve.



Break - Break - A group of negative spells casted on enemy`s potential mages to break and weaken their magical defence, so taht the next spells have a greater chance in breaking it also. Break consists of : Stupidity, Hurricane, Fierily Rainfall, Dragon Breath, Earthquake.



Bug - a malfunction of the game, a mistake in the game's code. Please report any bugs to Kingdom Smola - BUGS. Using bugs can result in a termination of your RDAccount.



LJP - Last Justice Palace - Special Building, which ends the Age when built.



Gub - Gubernat - your kingdom - all the lands you rule. In your Kingdom you have your citizens and buildings, with which you can do whatever you desire.



Gov - Govern - also your kingdom.



Ally - Alliance - is a group of Kingdoms (Governs), lead by the Emperor and Commanders.



Emp - Emperor - the leader of an Alliance. Usually responsible for politics and keeping an eye on the Alliance's members. You elect an Emperor in the Politics/Elections menu.



Com - Commander - a person nominated by the Emperor to help him in leading an Alliance. Usually responsible for strategies, attacks, magic, thieves, warfare.



FA - free attacks - if your Alliance is loosing a war and there is no sign of a possible victory, your Emperor or Commander can surrender and offer the wining Alliance some Acres, to end the war.



NB - Notice Board - in the Forum/Notice Board panel, the Emperor and Commanders can put useful information, like Generals that each Govern should have, Alliance`s members contact details, etc.



IPts - Infrastructure Points - each Building (economical or special) costs some Infra Points. Not having any IPts, means you cannot build any buildings. Bricklayers produce IPts from stones.



Infra - Infrastructure/Economical buildings - all building found in the Buildings/Economical Buildings menu. Depended from your current IPts supplies and resources, you can build Economical Buildings and change your Infrastructure - based on your race and what you wish to do with your Kingdom. One building occupies one Acre.



SB/Specials - Special Buildings - there are 39 Special Buildings. Each one increasing your Governs possibilities. It is essential to build all of them as soon as possible and rebuild them after wars.



Reversed infra - infrastructure that lets you rebuild your Govern after each Recount during warfare. Ask your Emperor or Commander for details.



Market - thanks to this SB you gain access to the RD Market, where you can trade your goods (go to the Politics - Buy/Sell menu to trade).



Automaton - casting your spells, buying food, stone and manna by the server automatically - not to these actions each turn by hand, you can set them in the Options/Autmoatization menu (after you have build SB Market).





In the RD world not only happenings and people have special names, but also races, units, SBs. Here is a list of the most common:




e0/e1/e2 - hoplites/ Elite 1 units/ Elite 2 units - abbreviations for your military units.



Pop - Popularity - your popularity points.



TCS  - The Creator's Sanctuary - SB, which allows you to enter the Labyrinth twice a day.



Gob/Necro/Hob/Boug - Goblins, Necromants, Hobbits, Br-Ougs - abbreviations for full races' names.



WM/White - White magic - all positive spells, casted on you and your Allies, to level all negative spells.








 


 	




    	Ostatnia aktualizacja: 2007-02-06 16:40:29

					