

Red Dragon - instrukcja

    Search


 
Introduction
  
About Red Dragon...
  
Kingdom Registration
    
Registration Screen
  

Payments


  
RD Dictionary



Races
    
Humans
    
Gnomes
    
Elves
    
Hobbits
    

Dwarves
    
Genies
    
Goblins
    
Necromants
    
Br-Ougs
    
Giants

  
Game Rules
  
Administrating your Kingdom
    

Game Screen
    
Central
     
Main Screen
      
Details
      
News
      
Forum
      
Mail
      
Labyrinth
      
Chat
    

Buildings
      
Economy Buildings
      
Special Buildings
        
Special Buildings Overview
      
Land
      
Science
    
Professions
    
Army
    
War
      

Establish attack
      
Join an attack
      
Generals
      
Alliance
    
Magic
      
Spellbooks
    
Thieves
    
Politics
      
Politics
      

Wars
      
Election
      
Alliance
      
Buy
      
Sell
    
Emperor
      
Alliance
    
Statistics
    
Find
    

Options
      
Automatization
      
Settings
      
Tools
  
RD Politics
  
Warfare
  
Equations

 


Magical Power

Thievish Power

Your Kingdoms

LJP

Administrators


 

    
	
		
		

 	


	
		
		
 	    Short and courageous - two words that say it all. Dwarves live on the plains in the caves of the Gray Mountains. They are peaceful and very hard-working. They mine gold and manit. Most of them trade the ore for food and other valuable goods. They hate the thievish hobbits, who regularly "dance" in their warehouses of gold and manit. Though short, the dwarves are very strong. Their double - handed axe causes fear and respect all over the Red Dragon world.	


	
		
		


		
			 Nobody knows the true origin of dwarves. Thus, dwarves are offering a huge prize for the person/creature that unfolds this mystery. What is more, everyone who claims that the dwarves are small will inevitably die. Some legends say, that  once there was a special race of the dwarves, who never even saw the sunlight. They lived underground and protected the Diamond T - the T - shaped pickaxe with powers beyond comprehension. Noone has ever seen it. It awaits for its new master. Who will be the first to posses it?


 


       Dwarves are the best constructors and bricklayers. Their berserkers training is cheaper than it would seem from their strength and condition. But o the other hand, their mages are not that skillful. Dwarves are good both in attack and in defense, where they are almost unbreakable. And this is their greatest strenght. During warfare they usually give military pacts to allied kingdoms without their own army. Furthermore, Dwarves should always have active magic pacts to protect them from the opponents' magic. Thanks to their physical strength they are great stonemasons, and are able to earn money on selling stones.
	


	
		
		 
		
 	 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 	Battle Dwarf	
		
		


 	Dwarvish Berserker	
		 	


	
		 	
		



 		
		



 		
		 	


	
		 	
		
		


 	44	
		



 	99	
		 	


	
		
 




 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 	 +25% to bricklayers	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 	+25% to stonemasons	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 	-15% to druids	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 	-15% to mages	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		
		War machines: 5 attack	
		
		 	


	
	
		
		 	
		
		


 	Dwarves suffer only 50% military losses both in attack and in defense, also when the kingdom they have signed a pact with is attacked.	
		
		 	


	
		
		 	
		
		


 	Dwarves have a -1 limit of count-limited spells (Earthquake, Dragon Breath, Fiery rainfall max. 4x, Hurricane max. 6x)	
		
		 	


	
		 	
		
		


 	Thieves and thievish pacts are 15% weaker	
		 	



		
		 	
		
		


 	They can select 1 spellbook at the beginning of the game	
		
		 	



		
		 	
		
		


 	A dwarfish general that is about to die, has a 50% chance of being wounded for 5 days instead of dying.	
		
		 	


	




 

 
 
 
				
 



    	Ostatnia aktualizacja: 2007-02-08 18:02:47

					